The code will output the following to the console:

```js
array 1: length=5 last=j,o,n,e,s
array 2: length=5 last=j,o,n,e,s

```

Let's break down the code step by step:

- var arr1 = "john".split('');: arr1 is assigned the result of the split('') method, which splits the string "john" into an array of characters. So, arr1 becomes ['j', 'o', 'h', 'n'].

- var arr2 = arr1.reverse();: arr1.reverse() reverses the elements of the array in place and also returns the reversed array. Therefore, arr1 and arr2 both refer to the same reversed array ['n', 'h', 'o', 'j'].

- var arr3 = "jones".split('');: arr3 is assigned the result of the split('') method, which splits the string "jones" into an array of characters. So, arr3 becomes ['j', 'o', 'n', 'e', 's'].

- arr2.push(arr3);: This line adds the array arr3 as a single element to the end of arr2. After this operation, arr2 becomes ['n', 'h', 'o', 'j', ['j', 'o', 'n', 'e', 's']].

- console.log("array 1: length=" + arr1.length + " last=" + arr1.slice(-1));: This line logs information about arr1. The length of arr1 is 5, and arr1.slice(-1) returns the last element of arr1, which is 'n'. So, the output is array 1: length=5 last=n.

- console.log("array 2: length=" + arr2.length + " last=" + arr2.slice(-1));: This line logs information about arr2. The length of arr2 is also 5, and arr2.slice(-1) returns the last element of arr2, which is the array ['j', 'o', 'n', 'e', 's']. The array is displayed as a comma-separated string, so the output is array 2: length=5 last=j,o,n,e,s.

It's important to note that since arr1 and arr2 reference the same array (due to the in-place reversal), modifying one array will affect the other. In this case, when we pushed arr3 into arr2, it modified both arr2 and arr1, since they are the same array.